Microsoft Entra ID:
    Microsoft Entra ID is a directory service that enables you to sign in and access both Microsoft cloud applications and cloud applications that you develop. 
    Microsoft Entra ID can also help you maintain your on-premises Active Directory deployment.

Authentication Methods:
    Standard user+password:
    Single sign-on:
        Enables a user to sign in one time and use that credential to access multiple resources and applications from different providers. 
        For SSO to work, the different applications and providers must trust the initial authenticator.
    Multifactor authentication:
        Prompting a user for an extra form (or factor) of identification during the sign-in process
    Passwordless authentication:
        Windows Hello for Business:
            The biometric and PIN credentials are directly tied to the user's PC, which prevents access from anyone other than the owner
        Microsoft Authenticator app:
            You may already be using the Microsoft Authenticator App as a convenient multifactor authentication option in addition to a password. 
            You can also use the Authenticator App as a passwordless option.
        FIDO2 security keys:
            The FIDO (Fast IDentity Online) Alliance helps to promote open authentication standards and reduce the use of passwords as a form of authentication. 
            FIDO2 is the latest standard that incorporates the web authentication (WebAuthn) standard.

Azure external identities:
    Business to business (B2B) collaboration:
        Collaborate with external users by letting them use their preferred identity to sign-in to your Microsoft applications or other enterprise applications
    B2B direct connect:
        Establish a mutual, two-way trust with another Microsoft Entra organization for seamless collaboration. B2B direct connect currently supports Teams shared channels, 
          enabling external users to access your resources from within their home instances of Teams
    Microsoft Azure Active Directory business to customer (B2C):
        Publish modern SaaS apps or custom-developed apps (excluding Microsoft apps) to consumers and customers, while using Azure AD B2C for identity and access management.

Role-based access control:
    Atributes permission to a role, example:
        admin: can read,write,delete,update,etc...
        observer: can read

Zero Trust model:
    Zero Trust is a security model that assumes the worst case scenario and protects resources with that expectation
    Verify explicitly: 
        Always authenticate and authorize based on all available data points.
    Use least privilege access:
        Limit user access with Just-In-Time and Just-Enough-Access (JIT/JEA), risk-based adaptive policies, and data protection.
    Assume breach:
        Minimize blast radius and segment access. Verify end-to-end encryption. Use analytics to get visibility, drive threat detection, and improve defenses.

Microsoft Defender for Cloud:
    Defender for Cloud is a monitoring tool for security posture management and threat protection
    Continuously assess:
        Defender for cloud helps you continuously assess your environment. Defender for Cloud includes vulnerability assessment solutions for your virtual machines, container registries, and SQL servers
    Secure:
        Defender for Cloud enables you not just to set security policies, but to apply secure configuration standards across your resources.
    Defend:
        Defender for Cloud also helps you defend your environment by providing security alerts and advanced threat protection features


