Arc lets you extend your Azure compliance and monitoring to your hybrid and multi-cloud configurations. 
Azure Arc simplifies governance and management by delivering a consistent multi-cloud and on-premises management platform.

Azure Arc provides a centralized, unified way to:
    Manage your entire environment together by projecting your existing non-Azure resources into ARM.
    Manage multi-cloud and hybrid virtual machines, Kubernetes clusters, and databases as if they are running in Azure.
    Use familiar Azure services and management capabilities, regardless of where they live.
    Continue using traditional ITOps while introducing DevOps practices to support new cloud and native patterns in your environment.
    Configure custom locations as an abstraction layer on top of Azure Arc-enabled Kubernetes clusters and cluster extensions.

Azure Resource Manager - ARM
    With Azure Resource Manager, you can:
    Manage your infrastructure through declarative templates rather than scripts. A Resource Manager template is a JSON file that defines what you want to deploy to Azure.
    Deploy, manage, and monitor all the resources for your solution as a group, rather than handling these resources individually.
    Re-deploy your solution throughout the development life-cycle and have confidence your resources are deployed in a consistent state.
    Define the dependencies between resources, so they're deployed in the correct order.
    Apply access control to all services because RBAC is natively integrated into the management platform.
    Apply tags to resources to logically organize all the resources in your subscription.
    Clarify your organization's billing by viewing costs for a group of resources that share the same tag.

Infrastructure as code
    Infrastructure as code is a concept where you manage your infrastructure as lines of code

ARM templates
    By using ARM templates, you can describe the resources you want to use in a declarative JSON format
    With an ARM template, the deployment code is verified before any code is run

Bicep
    Bicep is a language that uses declarative syntax to deploy Azure resources. 
    A Bicep file defines the infrastructure and configuration. Then, ARM deploys that environment based on your Bicep file. 
    While similar to an ARM template, which is written in JSON, Bicep files tend to use a simpler, more concise style

Azure Advisor
    Azure Advisor evaluates your Azure resources and makes recommendations to help improve reliability, security, and performance, achieve operational excellence, and reduce costs

Azure Service Health
    Azure Service Health helps you keep track of Azure resource, both your specifically deployed resources and the overall status of Azure
    Azure service health does this by combining three different Azure services
    Azure Status
        Broad picture of the status of Azure globally
    Service Health
        Provides a narrower view of Azure services and regions
    Resource Health
        Is a tailored view of your actual Azure resources
        Provides information about the health of your individual cloud resources, such as a specific virtual machine instance
        Using Azure Monitor, you can also configure alerts to notify you of availability changes to your cloud resources.

Azure Monitor
    Azure Monitor is a platform for collecting data on your resources, analyzing that data, visualizing the information, and even acting on the results
    https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/wwl-azure/describe-monitoring-tools-azure/media/azure-monitor-overview-614cd2fd.svg

Azure Log Analytics
    Azure Log Analytics is the tool in the Azure portal where you’ll write and run log queries on the data gathered by Azure Monitor
Azure Monitor Alerts
    Azure Monitor Alerts are an automated way to stay informed when Azure Monitor detects a threshold being crossed
Application Insights
    Application Insights, an Azure Monitor feature, monitors your web applications
    Once Application Insights is up and running, you can use it to monitor a broad array of information, such as:
        Request rates, response times, and failure rates
        Dependency rates, response times, and failure rates, to show whether external services are slowing down performance
        Page views and load performance reported by users' browsers
        AJAX calls from web pages, including rates, response times, and failure rates
        User and session counts
        Performance counters from Windows or Linux server machines, such as CPU, memory, and network usage
