Storage account:
    Space for storage in Azure wich is accessible via HTTP/HTTPS anywhere
            Locally redundant storage (LRS)
            Geo-redundant storage (GRS)
            Read-access geo-redundant storage (RA-GRS)
            Zone-redundant storage (ZRS)
            Geo-zone-redundant storage (GZRS)
            Read-access geo-zone-redundant storage (RA-GZRS)

    Standard general-purpose v2:
          Blob Storage (including Data Lake Storage), Queue Storage, Table Storage, and Azure Files
          LRS, GRS, RA-GRS, ZRS, GZRS, RA-GZRS
          Recommended for most scenarios using Azure Storage. If you want support for network file system (NFS) in Azure Files, use the premium file shares account type.
    Premium block blobs:
          Blob Storage (including Data Lake Storage)
          LRS, ZRS
          Recommended for scenarios with high transaction rates or that use smaller objects or require consistently low storage latency.
    Premium file shares:
          Azure Files
          LRS, ZRS
          Recommended for enterprise or high-performance scale applications. Use this account type if you want a storage account that supports both Server Message Block (SMB) and NFS file shares.
    Premium page blobs:
          Page blobs only
          LRS
          Premium storage account type for page blobs only

Redundancy:
    Locally redundant storage (LRS):
          Replicates your data three times within a single data center in the primary region. LRS provides at least 11 nines of durability (99.999999999%) of objects over a given year.
    Zone-redundant storage (ZRS):
          Replicates your Azure Storage data synchronously across three Azure availability zones in the primary region
    Geo-redundant storage (GRS):
          Similar to running LRS in two regions
    Geo-zone-redundant storage (GZRS):
          Similar to running ZRS in the primary region and LRS in the secondary region

Storage Services:
    Azure Blobs: 
          A massively scalable object store for text and binary data. Also includes support for big data analytics through Data Lake Storage Gen2.
    Azure Files: 
          Managed file shares for cloud or on-premises deployments.
    Azure Queues: 
          A messaging store for reliable messaging between application components.
    Azure Disks: 
          Block-level storage volumes for Azure VMs.
    Azure Tables: 
          NoSQL table option for structured, non-relational data.

  Azure file movement options:
    AzCopy:
        AzCopy is a command-line utility that you can use to copy blobs or files to or from your storage account
    Azure Storage Explorer:
        Azure Storage Explorer is a standalone app that provides a graphical interface to manage files and blobs in your Azure Storage Account
    Azure File Sync:
        Azure File Sync is a tool that lets you centralize your file shares in Azure Files and keep the flexibility, performance, and compatibility of a Windows file server
