VMs: 
      Virtual machines

Containers:  
      Ready-to-run software package containing everything needed to run an application: the code and any runtime it requires. 
      Kinda like Lightweight VM OS with the app code inside ready to run

Azure functions:
      Whe an event is triggered it will run a piece of code, is a serverless compute service without having to provision or manage infrastructure

Azure App Service: 
      Hosts web apps, background jobs, mobile back-ends, and RESTful APIs in the programming language of your choice without managing infrastructure
      Web apps:
          App Service includes full support for hosting web apps by using ASP.NET, ASP.NET Core, Java, Ruby, Node.js, PHP, or Python. You can choose either Windows or Linux as the host operating system.
      API apps:
          Much like hosting a website, you can build REST-based web APIs by using your choice of language and framework. 
          You get full Swagger support and the ability to package and publish your API in Azure Marketplace
      WebJobs:
          You can use the WebJobs feature to run a program (.exe, Java, PHP, Python, or Node.js) or script (.cmd, .bat, PowerShell, or Bash) in the same context as a web app, API app, or mobile app. 
          They can be scheduled or run by a trigger. WebJobs are often used to run background tasks as part of your application logic.
      Mobile apps:
          Use the Mobile Apps feature of App Service to quickly build a back end for iOS and Android apps. With just a few actions in the Azure portal, you can:
              - Store mobile app data in a cloud-based SQL database
              - Authenticate customers against common social providers, such as MSA, Google, X, and Facebook
              - Send push notifications
              - Execute custom back-end logic in C# or Node.js.

Azure virtual networks:
      Enable Azure resources, such as VMs, web apps, and databases, to communicate with each other, with users on the internet, and with your on-premises client computers
          Isolation and segmentation
          -Internet communications
          -Communicate between Azure resources
          -Communicate with on-premises resources
          -Route network traffic
          -Filter network traffic
          -Connect virtual networks

Azure ExpressRoute:
      Azure ExpressRoute lets you extend your on-premises networks into the Microsoft cloud over a private connection, with the help of a connectivity provider

Azure DNS:
      Azure DNS is a hosting service for DNS domains that provides name resolution by using Microsoft Azure infrastructure. 
      By hosting your domains in Azure, you can manage your DNS records using the same credentials, APIs, tools, and billing as your other Azure services.
